README.md, before:

# DABBiT – Drift-Adaptive Behavioral Biometrics Framework  
### Continuous Authentication Under Concept Drift (Keystroke & Mouse Dynamics)

This repository contains Jupyter notebooks, scripts, and documentation supporting **DABBiT**, a drift-adaptive behavioral biometrics framework for continuous authentication in internet banking environments.

> **Raw datasets are NOT stored in this repository** due to privacy restrictions.


## Background

DABBiT introduces:

- A **Causal Taxonomy of Concept Drift** for behavioral biometrics  
- A **drift-aware adaptive authentication pipeline**  
- An **adversarial simulation layer**  
- Multi-modal fusion: **keystroke + mouse + contextual signals**  
- Prototype extension toward **federated learning** for distributed banking systems  

The conceptual taxonomy was formalized in the paper:

**Festus Edward Ndalama, Patrick Mutabazi, Yuzo Taenaka, Youki Kadobayashi,  
“DABBiT: A Drift-Adaptive Behavioral Biometrics Framework for Continuous Authentication in Tanzanian Internet Banking,”  
AAIML 2026.**

---

## Datasets (Official Sources)

- **KeystrokeMouse-TZ (our dataset)**  
  https://github.com/ztn-iplab/banking_CA  

- **CMU Keystroke Dataset**  
  https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~keystroke/

- **DFL Mouse Dataset**  
  https://www.ms.sapientia.ro/~manyi/DFL.html  

---

## Getting the Data

Run:

```bash
python scripts/fetch_data.py

Commit message:

Add documentation section to README
Added a documentation section with links to conceptual resources.

README.md, after:

# DABBiT – Drift-Adaptive Behavioral Biometrics Framework  
### Continuous Authentication Under Concept Drift (Keystroke & Mouse Dynamics)

This repository contains Jupyter notebooks, scripts, and documentation supporting **DABBiT**, a drift-adaptive behavioral biometrics framework for continuous authentication in internet banking environments.

> **Raw datasets are NOT stored in this repository** due to privacy restrictions.


## Background

DABBiT introduces:

- A **Causal Taxonomy of Concept Drift** for behavioral biometrics  
- A **drift-aware adaptive authentication pipeline**  
- An **adversarial simulation layer**  
- Multi-modal fusion: **keystroke + mouse + contextual signals**  
- Prototype extension toward **federated learning** for distributed banking systems  

The conceptual taxonomy was formalized in the paper:

**Festus Edward Ndalama, Patrick Mutabazi, Yuzo Taenaka, Youki Kadobayashi,  
“DABBiT: A Drift-Adaptive Behavioral Biometrics Framework for Continuous Authentication in Tanzanian Internet Banking,”  
AAIML 2026.**

---

## Datasets (Official Sources)

- **KeystrokeMouse-TZ (our dataset)**  
  https://github.com/ztn-iplab/banking_CA  

- **CMU Keystroke Dataset**  
  https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~keystroke/

- **DFL Mouse Dataset**  
  https://www.ms.sapientia.ro/~manyi/DFL.html  

---

---

## 📘 Documentation

Detailed conceptual documentation is available in the `docs/` directory:

- **Concept Drift Taxonomy (One-Pager)**  
- **Taxonomy PDF (high-resolution)**

More technical documentation will be added as the framework evolves.

## Getting the Data

Run:

```bash
python scripts/fetch_data.py
